Now with that input container defined and with a couple of new styles covered.
For we can do something which I mentioned dead it would always be a good idea.
We can split our application into multiple components.
This look here.
This input container look discard look is probably something we want to use in other parts of the application
as well.
We might have different items which we want to present in such a cart.
Consider you're building an online shop where you have each product in such a card.
On the overview screen now to a wide repeating this style definition over and over again we can outsource
it into a separate component a component that doesn't really have much logic in it but which controls
the styling of its content.
Pure presentational component therefore technically it still is a regular react component and hence
all create a new file here and the components folder and name ID card name is up to you but it is this
typical card looks.
So it sounds like a fitting name to me.
Now here as always import react from react and then also import the view from react.
Native here and then create the card component a functional component like this which you in the end
export as a default.
And obviously since it's all about presentation here will needs to style sheet to create a stylus object
because that will be the core thing of this component.
It should be there to wrap itself around any content and just apply some general styling.
So now I'm going to the start game screen and I'll grab all the styles here off the input container.
Copy them from there and add them to the card instead here I'll add a new card property and use my styles
in here.
And insert off the card component.
I'll have a very simple markup so to say very simple J as X code.
It's just a view which I return here which should be wrapped around props children props children instead
special prop and react which is basically the content you pass between the opening and closing tax of
your custom component so it can wrap itself around any content because the only goal of this card component
is to apply some style to the surrounding container and we do this by adding styles card here.
There is just one thing there are certain styles in here which probably should not be set from from
inside of the card.
Not every card might have this width or max width and not every card should center its content.
Hence I'll cut these free items front from there and only have the shadow and the padding set up in
here and I want to make this a bit more flexible.
Besides the card styles it would be nice if we could also assign our own styles from outside and maybe
even overwrite some of the card styles we can do this by passing in a new object to the style prop and
distributing all the properties all the key value pairs of our cards style here into this new object.
This is the spread operator a modern javascript feature which pulls all the key value pairs of object
out of that object and adds it to a new surrounding object.
So we copy all the styles to find down there into this new object.
And I'm doing this so that I can also add another key value pair year were another set of key value
pairs where I take all the styles defined in props styles so in the style prop I passed my own custom
component.
I take all the key value pairs defined there and merged them into this object and since I do this second
this will overwrite any key value pairs set up in styles card so that we can overwrite any styles set
up in there from outside when we use our component.
And when we add additional styles outside of the component it will all emerged in and consider it.
And with Dad we can all of sign our own styles from outside of the card component when we use the card
component and using the card component is something that would make sense as a next step.
So let's go to these start game screen and import card from the components folder and there from the
card folder and replace our input container view here with card like this just like this with opening
and closing tax.
Now again I want to set my own style as I want to set my own with Max with an a line items.
So I'll keep input container in the stalls you down there.
But now get rid of all the obvious styles and air all the styles which are now set up in the card.
So did we.
We only keep the width and alignment here and then add this here to card on the style prop which is
accepted or which has an effect because in the card component it's that style prop which I merge with
my average sells so for that style prop I'll point at Styles input container now with debt if we save
debt I'm getting an error.
Object is not a function near req native style sheet.
So in the card J.S. fall as it points here something's wrong even gives me the line No it's line 10.
That's.
So what does number here means and yeah my problem here is that I use stall she'd like this.
That's wrong.
Instead we have to called style sheet dot create to define our own styles.
So that's the right syntax.
So it's a syntax error not technically a syntax error but I'm using the style sheet object incorrectly.
So it's the error from my side the error message helped us with that and now we have to say look as
before but we have that reusable card which we can now use in any place where we want to have.
Well exactly this look with the shadows ends on.